
The light was falling through the mosaic, throwing colours and shades into my dimly lit room. It was another bright day in the great city of [[Migdor]]. Regardless of what happens the unnatural light imitating the sun seemed to light up this wretched city. A city built on the bones of countless souls. A city once housing countless souls. Now a city bereft of most souls. Looking through the stained glass you wouldn't know. You would only see humanoid shapes lumbering about in the unnaturally even sunlight. Maybe you'd notice them behaving erratically but depending on your exposure to large cities you might even think that some strangely behaving people are to be expected. Truly, only a month ago you would probably have been correct. Back when everything... was not fine... but at least normal. People going about their day to day life, going down into the mines, setting up their shops or factories, going to school, whatever really. A month ago your neighbour might have complained about the noise someone made after dinner time. A month ago you would have complained that you had to go to work or school. A month ago you'd have gone to the market without thinking twice and scrounged up your meagre earnings to buy something akin to food. I still see that last day as if it had been only yesterday. Partner came home with a bonus from work. Apparently their boss had been in a particularly good mood because of someone important's birthday. We had thought about how we would spent that bonus. Maybe get something nice to eat? Or some new straw for our bed? We had joked about cleaning the stained glass, but since the higher ups had forced that, admittedly beautiful, accessory onto us to beautify our street for tourists, we decided if it would be so dirty as to upset the tourists then the same people could also pay to have it cleaned. Postponing the decision for the next day we spent the evening crocheting together. Linen thread, thankfully, was not an expensive good around here, allowing us to practise a little side business as a hobby together. It was then later that evening that we first heard the scream. It was one singular scream, by whom we could not say, for it sounded otherworldly and strange. Someone must have been truly horrified by what they saw to make such a sound. Now it is not unusual to be waylaid in the dark of night in our area of the city. Guards did rarely stray down into our dark corner, thus to some extend one got used to seeing things others might not know as intimately. To hear such a scream then, told us that something more was afoot, beyond the casual violence and desperation one grew up accustomed to. Peering out through the glass we saw nothing but blackest night. The scream stopped as suddenly as it had begun. Cut off unceremoniously. It was only later, when we found out what had happened. In the morning, when the first panic had started to stir. You get used to a lot of things quickly around these parts, but what happened on that morning, nobody had seen before. Out of the house, from which probably that scream had originated, came a foul smell. Indescribable in its fetidness and like puss it clung to your nostrils, if you made the mistake of breathing it in. The first to smell it retched and emptied themselves right then and there. Overwhelmed by a nausea teetering on illness. The second line of people fared a little better. Not caught as off guard, some of them were able to resist their immediate urges. One or two iron stomachs even went inside the building to investigate whatever sorcery had spawned the ungodly smell. Mere minutes later though the were stumbling out. Clutching at their faces and moaning incomprehensibly. What happened then, I will not recount, for it is too horrible for me to put into words. The things I saw then, I shall take into my grave. Suffice it to say, the moans have yet to stop. I can still hear them softly beyond my apartment door. Their uncertain stumbles, I still see through the glass. At first we had waited. Tried to see how things outside would develop. Maybe the guard would come during the day? When the people rioted down here they came. Always ready to quell any and all unrest. Did this epidemic count as unrest to them? Did they care? Now it seems likely that they died as well. Either died trying to save us, or died trying to save themselves. Whatever horrid creation unleashed itself on our neighbours back then, surely spread by now to the rest of the city. Crammed living conditions and narrow streets would surely make it hard to contain anything. I have not eaten in almost a week. Yesterday we drank our last drops of water. Hunger and thirst are my companions now, as are the coloured panes of the window. Showing me, as always, a bizarre form of reality. I wonder, to what end I am clinging to life. There is nothing there for me to life for. Beyond the walls of my home looms certain death. Inside the walls there is neither hope nor lasting safety. Soon enough I will have lost the strength to stand up. Soon enough it will be over. But why cling to life? Why do I keep on living even though life is mostly just pain? It is the "mostly". I continue struggling for those brief moments. Moments not fraught with pain or anxiety. Moments in which I momentarily forget what awaits me in the near future. I continue to endure, in the vague hope of experiencing another of those rare moments of peace. Hope is all I have left now. Hope will have to do. 
