# Instructions

Prompt 3
Warrior
non binary
idyllic

  
# Story
  

Looking out into the dawn of a new day, I thought to myself: “How long can this continue for?” The sun slowly rose from the horizon. Rising from the depths of an endless sea. Sitting on a beach is not what I usually do after on of those long and difficult nights. The other times I was drinking with my comrades until midday some time the next week. Today though? Today was different. I don’t like sand. It is course and rough and it gets everywhere. But today, or more apt tonight, I had decided that some quiet contemplation on the beach would do me good. I still saw the tenders of yesterday’s action. Some stirring quietly at the docks, some nothing more than broken timbers rocking in the gentle waves. Once again, I noticed how clear and azure the sea was over here. The past few days did not leave me with enough time or attention to marvel at the water’s gentle colours. Until I got pressed, I hadn’t even seen a large lake, or known that oceans were real. Could never have imagined such large bodies of water to be possible. Back when I had first received the news, I had been so proud of myself. Told my parents that I had been selected to go to the high seas. Finally I could go and see what all the fuss was about concerning oceans and ships. Rivers sometimes had boats. They had seemed huge. Carrying sacks of grain or rows of timber. The large ones being manned by three or sometimes up to six people. My parents had not been as univocally happy as I had been. They knew that with my time away, they would receive subsidies and if I returned I would be set for life, but that if had been the problem. “A worrisome lot they were”, I thought back then. “I will return after twenty years abroad, don’t worry. It will be fun and then you wont have to worry about the crops ever again!” I had told them instead. Now I am twelve years in. I have made closer friends in these twelve years than in the sixteen years prior. I have also witnessed the loss of more people in the last three, than had lived in my parents’ village.

The gentle rocking of the waves brought a measure of peace to me. Reminding me of summers spent under the shade of trees. Stalking the under brush around the fields for adventure. Back then going hunting had involved looking for frogs or giant insects for me to collect. Now that word had a different meaning.

Somewhere farther along the coast must be the others. For the last few minutes the sea had brought me snippets of laughter and noises of raucous carousing from time to time. I could still smell the roast from the night’s feast. Even mixed in with the smell of the sea I could detect its trails on the currents. Considering how rare good food was out here, that might have been an unexpected side skill, developed during training.

The sun started to heat up now and I let the coat around my shoulders sag to the floor. It was a good coat. Found it two excursions ago in a wardrobe. Considering the circumstances, I doubted the original owner could have had use for it, so I traded it for my old one. Good strong wool, this one was made from. Had to redo the dye in it, since its old colours could have caused some confusions, but other than that it was great from the start.

I thought of Torbryn. He had been a cute one. Met each other right after leaving port, during the first night shift. He had been the son of a fisherman near our home port. Never even knew what being sea sick meant. We both had guarded the captain’s quarters on the top deck, which meant we had all night to talk and watch the stars together. He was the one who taught me to read them. Back then he told me: “If you ever find that you are lost. Look to the stars. They will show you the way.” Sure a few weeks later they showed me the way to his part of the ship, though neither me nor him slept under open sky. Tonight the stars had been bright and I was still just sitting here lost even though at home. Torbryn had also shown me how to tie knots and swim. He may have not been the strongest man around, but he sure knew his way around anything sea related. Maybe it was the now fully risen sun, or thinking back to my time with him, that shook off the last of the night’s cold. As far as I could tell, it could have easily been both. Gazing out towards the calm sea it felt almost surreal to be here, considering all these years I’ve spent sailing in search of its four corners, that the kid from a small far inland village would stand the test of time, instead of the men and women from the Coastals. With its immeasurable vastness the Lady of the Sea’s estate was vast beyond my comprehension. Her servants’ quarters larger than most villages I had known. Her staff populating in enumerable dozens, both quantitative and in diversity. I remember the first time I had seen one of her fishy representatives, it had frightened me like nothing before. How could a creature so small and with such scales, swim so effortlessly under the waves? And what did it say about the sea folk, that they caught such anomalies on the daily? Soon enough I got used to seeing and eating fish, even gutting some myselfcif necessary. After six years aboard many ships, I had to. Looking down into these deep blue depths though, that was different. Standing atop the mass of wood and rope, that we call ship, with nothing to see but the light blue and yellow of the sky and the darker blue of the endless ocean, one could almost forget how terrifyingly deep and uncaring the waters truly are. The warmth of sun, blinding you slightly, looking out towards the endless rolling of the waves. The occasional gull cawing above you. It is a different kind of freedom. Sure it was nowhere near, the serene tranquillity one experienced in the woods around my village, but hearing the creaking of the boards, the thrashing of the waves, feeling a stiff breeze in your hair. Magical experiences like these, made the monotony of menial labour worth it. Not according to many of the others but that’s what we got work songs for. Getting everyone into a communal spirit, working as a unit. The ocean may be endless, deep and uncaring, but my ship mates make it worth it. Such people, people like Torbryn, make the world go round. Seeing his face in front of me, had made me smile in the past. Maybe on the next island I would meet him again. Closing my eyes, I could almost feel him sitting next to me. It can’t be long now. I have waited three years, what is another month or two?

The sun was now at almost midday. I should probably get going. With a few cracks from my bones, I stretched my limbs and stood up. Dusting of as much of the damn sand as I could. Deeper into the island, command would have set up their quarters by now. Renewed energy bolstering my steps, I started heading inland.