# Instructions
Prompt 6

Non Binary
Necromancer
Romantic

  

# Story

  

It was a bright and sunlit day as I was strolling through the little village. The sun, warming my body with her rays, was standing high, flushing my sight with vibrant colours only seen in a small village on market day. There were multiple different birds tweeting to their hearts content in the trees ringing the village square. In tune to their song, the rustle and bustle of merchants appraising their wares filled me with life. It was always great to see people show their craftsmanship on busy days such as today. On one stall I might find all kinds of cast iron wares, while just a few steps further I would find a family selling their knitted accessories and other assorted knick knacks. It was on this day, that I went through the stalls looking at a pair of crotched mittens, that I heard a voice through the loud appraisals of merchants around me. Packed by my newfound curiosity, I turned toward where I suspected the voice to be coming from. Lo and behold, sitting beneath the shade of a bushy apple tree, I saw a young woman, talking to someone or something. I did not know this woman, which meant that she must have come from a different region. Her clothes did not look too out of the ordinary. She wore a woollen green cloak, with a brown hose and brown leather boots. Much more I could not see from afar, telling me nothing about her occupation other than that she must be used to living on the road. She sat on a stone in such a way, that I could see her profile and as she spoke again I realized that she must be addressing the birds. Those birds, which seemed to twitter and chirp in reply, seemed to communicate with her. Curiosity got the better of me and I approached slowly. I did not wish to neither disturb the lady, nor her companions, but I had to find out if she truly spoke to them. Soon I had stalked my way past the furthest most stall and found myself a good fifty paces away from her. I did not hide, but I was taking care not to make any unnecessary noise. Leaving the loud market behind me, I could make out the words she sung in a warm melodic tune. The language, in which she spoke, was not one of those I could recognize or even understand, but from what I could gather, it felt almost magical. The way her intonations changed when stressing vowels or joining words together, for she surely must have done so, as I could hardly discern one word’s end or another’s start. Entranced, I stood there listening, unmoving, in fear of breaking whatever spell she had woven. Tensions, I had not even felt, left my body as I listened. Leaning on my walking stick, I shut my eyes. Safety and warmth, enveloping me, as time passed. She did not use any instrument, nor did she have need for any, as her voice alone was enough to keep me enraptured. The next time I opened my eyes, it had to have been quite a bit later in the day. Her hair and face, now illuminated by the late midday sun, gave an almost mystical feel to her person. I felt heat shoot into my face, when I realized she had changed her position slightly, now facing more towards me, instead of the birds around the foliage. Her face sparkled with a playful smile, tugging at her lips. My reddening face must have given away my feelings. Traitorous body not withstanding, I smiled back. When her song came to an end, it did not feel abrupt. Even though I did not understand a word, her performance felt somehow complete. Panic rose as I realized I had not thought about what I would do next. Grabbing for words I stammered: “Can you really speak to birds?” Hot blood shooting into my face once again, I wanted to stammer some sort of apology for intruding upon her. Before I could formulate anything else though, she replied: “I’d like to think so. When I talk to them, I feel at peace. I don’t think they know how much they help me, but I’d like to think that they enjoy spending time with me too.” Still catching myself, I began: “I am terribly sorry to have intruded upon you like this. I did not-” Her warm smile cut me off mid-sentence “I saw your curiosity the moment you left the last stall behind you. Usually people ignore me when I speak a language they can not understand, especially when I am on my own speaking to animals.” In a weak attempt at regaining my footing I replied: “People are like that sometimes, but more often than not they do care, the just don’t have the time to recognize it.” She tilted her head at that. Rising to her feet she questioned: “What makes you believe this? I have seen the way people live. The way they look only to what is in front of them. How do you come to think that they would care for anyone but themselves?” And after a slight pause: “And maybe their close relatives or friends?” Taken slightly aback, I stood and thought about that before considering: “I have seen it happen. People do care, it just takes them a long time to realize. I have buried my fair share of them and most of these had their families be joined by neighbours, colleagues or mere acquaintances. Sometimes even a stranger shows up. Seeing the pain of the people around them and taking a minute to stop and be present. They didn’t know the buried, but they can see the ones left behind. Whenever a person dies, they leave an empty spot in peoples lives. The stranger will never be able to fill in these spots, but often times just being present is more than enough.” Gesturing to the fading light of the day and the so too fading bustle of the market I continued: “I have seen many such markets and many more villages, with the sick and elderly in grave conditions. My skills are limited but even if all fails, I can still be there for the ones left behind. You would be surprised how many of them are grateful for it. Sometimes, others join and they too are received with appreciation.“ Beckoning her to follow me I started heading towards a nearby hill I had spotted on my way towards the village this morning. “It is not always about what we do, but what we intend to do.” She was following me in silence until we had left the village behind us. “You seem very wise for someone still as young as you are.” I chuckled at that. Manoeuvring the two of us through the thicket I found a secluded spot with avid space for us to sit in. Removing my own cloak in order for us to sit on dry ground I offered her a spot on the other side of it. I felt strange sitting here with her, with this complete stranger I had known for a few minutes at best, not counting her musical performance. Still she made me feel safe, warm even, regardless of the sun starting to set. Remembering her comment about my age, I clarified: “I am by no means old, so much I can agree with. But working in my line of work, it ages your mind much faster, than it does your body.” Her eyes narrowed at that: “You said you bury people regularly. I am sure that a murderer would not sprout wisdom the way you do, and if you were indeed one, I would advise against trying your tricks one me.” Even though she winked, I could not shake the feeling that she was only mostly joking. “Still, that leaves the question of why you handle bodies on the regular. You can’t be a physician, since those only reside in large cities. So what are you?” It was my turn now to tilt my head and with a playful grin answer: “Who says that a physician can’t leave the big city?” “Because it is so expensive to become one! Any of those who choose to become physicians have to stay, in order to pay for the expenses. No villager could afford a physician anyway, so why would one leave in the first place?” I turned my head back towards the sun. She was still there, making her way slowly below the horizon. My companion had made a good point. Why would a physician leave the big city? Especially if they had debts to pay? A minute passed in silence between us. I could feel her eyes on me. Steeling myself, I finally responded: “Indeed, why would a physician leave? Now there you’ve found the crux of the matter.” I paused for a few heartbeats “Maybe-” and without turning to her I continued “a physician could see the flaws in the system? Maybe such a physician might be disillusioned with the way the schools run and things happen? Maybe there are physicians, which decide, that being confined into a city housing more than enough physicians already, is not the way that they would want to spent their lives? Maybe there are physicians, which have fled their life of luxuries in order to find people appreciating their services, instead of just paying them because they have to? Maybe such physicians want to make a difference. Maybe it makes them feel less like a waste of knowledge, tending to the fishers and farmers that could never afford me in the first place!” I realized my mistake immediately, just as fast as I recognized that she had too, which wasn’t difficult owing to me pausing mid rant. Feeling the red coming back to my face, I tried to change the topic: “So today was market day, is that why you are here?” Eyeing her from the side, I saw that she was watching me with a weird look in her face, one I could not place. She waited for a few seconds before answering: “I understand.” And then looking over to the darkening horizon continued “I got here because I saw the trees surrounding the village. Trees like these are always a sign, telling of a good place.” Returning her gaze towards me she continued: “You never know how to interpret it, but I think I understand it in this case.” As if she had planed on it, at this moment, the sun decided to plunge us into the day’s night.

  

(undefined amount of time passes)

  

I heard the water starting to boil in the small hut’s cauldron and hurried over. The owners, an elderly pair of fishers, had prepared the ingredients for an improvised anti-inflammation elixir. Thank the gods they had some honey lying about, otherwise this gambit would not even have been possible. Now I just had to take care not to burn the concoction. Truth be told, burning it was not too big of a concern, boiling out the helpful bits would be the real disaster. “You can go and keep his forehead cool.” I told the two, after seeing them just standing there. Desperation to do something, anything really, screaming at me from their faces. Dampening the boy’s forehead wouldn’t do anything to help him, but it would make his grand-parents feel like they are helping. At this point the boy was to far gone to appreciate the gesture, but it is important to make the relatives feel helpful. Otherwise they just distract me or panic. Better to let them help by doing something that feels meaningful even if it doesn’t do anything. Rhythmically counting to sixty, I looked over to the three. Didn’t want to imagine what would happen to those two, if the boy didn’t make it. Regardless of what happened to his parents, the boy’s grandparents were doing their best. Probably better to not think about what might happen to them in the event of his death. Having reached sixty, I pulled the cauldron off the stove, letting it cool off. No sense in keeping it over the fire until Rachel returned with Queen’s Wart. Horrible name to call such a useful plant, but right now was not the time to fuss over long dead people making up names for plants. Stirring the mostly done medicine, merely so that the pair thought I was still busy doing something, I made sure it did not look like I was waiting for her to bring it. Usually, I make sure that I have enough of every local plant while travelling, but the grandfather had followed our trail for six days, just to find someone who might cure his grandson. With all the haste he could muster, he showed us the way to his home. We made such haste that I could not restock what I had used on the previous patient, on the way here. Rachel really was a godssend with her interest in my plants. I only had to tell her what the plant was called and she had known what it looked like. Whether it had been a lucky guess or real knowledge won’t matter until later. I knew what I was doing. I had operated on much worse looking cases, but Rachel’s long absence was starting to worry me. I knew she could handle herself out there, she wasn’t the issue. But that boy over there did not have long. A dirty fish hook can do that to someone, I had treated such maladies a lot over the past year but never had I encountered one this severe and this late into the illness. If the boy had been older, he might not even have survived until my arrival. Kids were sturdier than most give them credit for. Finally the door was thrown open. Rachel was caked in all kinds of mud and thorns, courtesy of the thunderstorm raging outside no doubt. Wasting no time she threw the Warts into my open palm and then went straight over to the elderly couple, asking them if she could wash herself somewhere. I am fairly certain she knew that the three of them couldn’t do much to help the small child, so she tried to take the grand-parents mind off of their worries. The grandmother was unresponsive, so the grandfather stood back up and took her to another room. I only followed the scene because I didn’t need to cut the plants and instead had thrown them in wholesale. Now giving the pot one last stir I carefully dipped a spoon into the mixture. It tasted awful. The boiled honey had made the mass congeal heavily but somewhere along the way the sweetness had been lost and replaced by an aggravatingly strong scent of cedar. Smelling cedar and swallowing a thick goop of cedar adjacent mush were two entirely different things. Hauling the mixture over to the bed, I tapped the grandmother, “Take some of this and lightly rub it on the wound. Take care not to burn yourself or him. It should be quite cool by now but be careful nonetheless.” Meanwhile I took a spoonful of the stuff and carefully smudged it behind the boy’s lips. Ideally the boy’s saliva would slowly transfer the cream down into his stomach and allow for actual healing to occur. The amount of medicine I had cooked was taking over estimation to a new level, but I would rather throw out medicine than have none but needing more. There was nothing else that I could do at this point. It would take about half an hour for the concoction to take effect and until then nobody would know whether he would survive or not. I did not tell the grandmother this, of course. Instead I got back up and watched her perform the rubbing for a few moments. Seeing that she wasn’t doing anything harmful, I padded her on the back and told her, “Continue rubbing his wound. I will check up on Rachel and your husband for a moment, since I shan’t overstimulate his stomach with this. It is now up to him.” She thanked me and as I took a step towards the room Rachel and the grandfather had left for, he came back out. Hurrying to the bed, I took him aside for a moment, “Your wife is doing all she can to help the boy recover. I have laced the insides of his mouth with medicine, which should be dissolving right about now. I will quickly check up on my companion, to make sure she is alright.” I gave the rattling main door a heavy look, “The storm is raging out there and I don’t want her to have gotten a scrape herself.” He understood me, probably seeing the boy’s pain mirrored by her and gave me a nod. He sat down on the other end of the bed and checked the boy’s pulse. Turning, I went over to the door. Realizing I did not know, how these people washed themselves I recognized that Rachel might be bathing now. Sure it wouldn’t be as luxurious, with warm water and soap, as I might know it from the cities, but Rachel was not afraid of some cold water. Apprehensive and slightly embarrassed I looked at the door handle. Thinking it prudent to knock, I gave the door a gentle tap. “Come in, I am fine if the boy is fine.” Rachel’s voice was quivering slightly through the door. Opening it revealed a small room, some cloth akin to a towel was draped over a wooden bucket and I saw Rachel in the process of fastening her travel cloak. The poor thing was sodden all the way through, as was the rest of her clothing. “Did you rinse your whole wardrobe, while I was finishing up with the boy?” I asked incredulously, looking slightly askance at her. “Took you long enough. And you know that I know my way around muddy clothing by now.” I knew she was suited way better to the travelling lifestyle than me. Her clothes were spotless even after the muddiest of tracks as long as she got a minute to clean herself. As always I was impressed before a sudden thought dawned on me: “How did you deal with the husband?” She gave me a sheepish grin and answered, “He was very helpful. Filled the bucket up for me and gave me this wonderful piece of cloth. I don’t need more to work my magic.” The way she wiggled with her brows as she said the word magic, took some of the stress from my shoulders, for reasons I did not have the time to call into question. Releasing some tension I did not even realise I had held, appreciating her light heartedness more than ever, I replied, “Oh, Wise One! Thou shalt teach me thine tricks, or though shalt invariable be cursed by my ineptitude.” Remembering what happened in the next room I caught myself and turned serious again, “You did not get any scrapes or lacerations I should know of I take it?” “No, I did not. Worry about the kid, not about me,when I am perfectly healthy if a bit exhausted.” Radiating a tired smile towards me, I followed her wishes and turned on my heels. Coming back over to the grandparents, I could already see the colour had slightly returned to the kid’s face. I felt his pulse had already quickened and released a breath I had forgotten I held. “His condition is already improving.” I told the two sitting at his side. The grandmother slowly let her head sink onto the mattress and began to cry. The grandfather came over and consoled his wife, while thanking me with a relieved smile. I left the two alone and went out onto the front porch. The storm seemed to have lessened somewhat or maybe I was too exhausted to care. Closing the front door behind me I could feel the remaining tension leaving my body. But along with the tension, any energy and strength I had left, seemed to abandon me as well. My legs weak were weak and my limbs grew heavy. In a last ditch effort I stumbled towards the bench next to the entrance and collapsed gracefully onto the wooden seat. My shoes got wet as I stretched them out, getting hit by the occasional whip of rain. Barely recognising it I busied myself with trying and failing to sit up straight. An indefinable amount of time passed. It was dark outside, except for the light flickering through the crack under the door. I didn’t even flinch as Rachel tore the door open once again. This time holding a steaming cup in one hand and handling the door with the other. The door shut with an, at least to me, almost imperceptible click and as she sat down next to me, the aroma of freshly brewed tea wafted in my face. “Thought you might want some tea. I know how stuff like this gets to you.” A warm feeling made its way through my stomach. Jittery hands grasped the cup and for a moment I just inhaled the gentle steam coming off of it. The world may be a harsh and unforgiving place at times but right now, I could not have been more at peace if I tried. Feeling Rachel’s shoulder touching mine, I could feel the warmth radiating from her. I would have expected her clothes to be at least moist if not outright wet, but by some miracle they seemed to be not only dry but warm as if heated on an oven’s stones. “Rachel I… I wanted to thank you.” I turned to look at her, “I don’t know if I would have had the time to go search for Queen’s Wart myself and still save the boy.” She turned to look back at me. Little light there was, reflecting in her eyes. I stumbled over the next sentence, “I wanted to tell you, how much I appreciate you being here, with me. Without you this one and the other operations would have been so much more difficult. I don’t know how I would have done it without you.” She gave me a little smile, “You would have managed it perfectly without me. You are the one working the gods’ work in there. I just make it easier.” My first reaction was to try and dissuade her from minimizing her impact but instead I could feel my heart beat quicken the longer I listened to her. I was sure she would hear the thumping in my chest, feel the blood pumping through my veins, through her shoulder. I caught myself just staring into her beautiful face and hurried to continue: “I… I am not sure what I would do without you. You have become such an important part to my work, to my patients.. to me… so… I was wondering… whether you had any plans?” Her voice was a smile, enveloped in a gentle hush, “What plans are we talking about? Considering the time it took to fix that boy, there might be a point in looking forward to breakfast soon. If you’re talking about that, I can go ask the couple if we could join them for some?” She had to be teasing me. She had to know what I mean, must feel what I am feeling, otherwise she would not have responded as such. Or so I thought at first. A dagger of pain stung my stomach. What if she really had no idea? What if I was imagining things? My heart could have belonged in a smithy, with the way it was pounding against my ribs as I said: “I was more thinking about the future… Maybe even… our future?” She leaned a bit more towards me, her body now pressing against me, “I wasn’t questioning whether we would eat together or not. But sure I don’t mind.”She was definitely teasing me, ignoring my anxiety, it was my turn to get a little closer, and with a raspy voice I resumed, “And more… long term? We are both still quite young. I wouldn’t mind spending those decades with someone at my side.” Holding my breath I continued after a short pause: “Someone, like you?” Our faces were now mere inches apart. Afraid of missing her response I stopped trying to breathe altogether, “Are you asking me to become your apprentice?” My lungs started to burn but I could not have cared any less, “I was looking more for a… partner?” Her lips spread apart in a wide smile. I could feel her warm face on my skin, even though there was no touch. I felt myself getting light headed. “Okay then. I can accept that.” Before my brain could comprehend what had just happened, she bridged the last inch between us and I felt the soft touch of her lips on mine. An explosion of adrenaline ravaged every corner of my body. An intense euphoria pushed the weakness out of my system. As we kissed our hands found each other. Slowly, we embraced. Body meeting body. My consciousness melting away, leaving in its place impressions only. There were no thoughts beyond here as I lost track of time and space.

  

  

(waking up on a morning after having lived together for some time)

  

The birds were chirping outside accompanied by the rustle of leaves in the wind. However our room was still mostly dark. Heavy curtains be praised. I had been awake for some time now. Early riser as usual. Back in the day it had been great for using as much of the sunlight as possible for travelling or foraging. These days I kept the habit for more egotistical reasons. Listening to her relaxed breathing next to me instead. She was definitely not an early riser but I could not care less. The longer she slept, the longer I could be with her, before the chores of the day demanded us to separate. Sure our day to day life was a quiet one. Rarely patients came over that had anything serious and even if they had, usually a family member came in their stead to lead me to them. Letting my finger gently trail the creases of her well muscled back, I thought with no little pride of my new garden. After leaving the city I had to find my own herbs and medicinal plants. Being on the road and not having access to wealthy clients, made buying them prohibitively expensive. It took me some time to figure out which plants could do what or looked like the ones I had studied with, but once I had gotten the hang of it, it had been surprisingly easy. With our little cabin here though it wasn’t as easy. Gods be praised, my love had thought of it early enough. I had always been careful not to harvest everything an area had to offer, but if you don’t leave the area any more, suddenly the amounts of things you needed and the amounts which grew on a monthly basis did not add up. With her guidance and occasional help, I had started to collect seeds and built us a small garden. Neither of us had truly known when the perfect time for sowing them would be and the people from the surrounding villages could only tell us the seeding times from their own crop rotations. Usually, I was not a person prone to bouts of anxiety, but having to spend most of autumn and all of winter not knowing whether our seeds would survive or not, had not been easy. My hand had now slowly reached the small of her back, causing a satisfying bout of goosebumps on her gentle skin. I always wondered how she did it. Being as busy as she was during the day, she somehow kept her skin from getting rough. Looking at my still dextrous but slowly hardening hands I envied her a little bit. Maybe I will ask her how she does it, when she wakes up. Looking at the sunlight creeping around the curtains, I guessed that her usual wake up time would soon come. My fingers were now tracing their way back up to her shoulders, careful not to disturb her sleep. Working on the garden was a wonderful new past time for me. In late spring I had first seen, the little green sprouts coming out of the ground. If I had not been checking up on them every day I may have missed it. Instead I had studiously examined every single stalk I could make out. From a safe distance of course, wouldn't want to cause any damage to the little ones after all. Back then I had tears welling up on the sides of my eyes. I could have never known, how relived I could feel to see some miniscule green stalks. She had found me sitting in front of one of the caskets, silently sobbing. Fearing the worst she had come immediately to hug me and ask what was wrong. With immeasurable pride I had shown her our precious babies that day. In the evening we had sat on our bench overlooking the garden. It had still been quite cold that night, but huddling as close together as we could we witnessed the sun set for the first time on a growing garden. Our garden. My head had lain on her shoulder that night. Gently squished by her cheek. We had sat there until the early morning, living in a dream of our own making. Feeling the tears come up again, my hand left her back to wipe away the starting wetness from my eyes. The sudden missing of my hand must not have been appreciated as she started to mumble into her pillow. Clearly missing my hand she wriggled her body next mine, visibly being content when there was no space left between us. I gently drew my hand around her waist and pressed her back to my chest. The priest always spoke of the valorous dead coming to paradise. A statement looking ridiculous now, considering how I could not imagine a place I’d rather be than this exact place, right here, right now.

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

------------------------------------------ Cut content starts here --------------------------------------------------

  

  

Rain was falling all around me as I trotted along the muddy road. The cold wind of the long night clung to my drenched clothes. Mud caked the hem of my cloak and the soles of my boots, making every step more difficult than the last. I had no indication of how late in the night it was, but I hoped that Rachel had gone to bed by now. She knew that I would not always be coming back home for dinner or even breakfast at times. The thought of her brought a renewed spring into my step. The road may be caked in mud. The rain may chill me to the bone. But I knew that Rachel was waiting for me back home. Rachel and a bath that is. I could almost feel the warmth around my body, imagining myself sliding into that luxurious bathtub we had recently acquired. True, I would prefer to be with her than the bath. If the world would allow for it, I would never leave Rachel’s presence at all. But alas people get sick. Grimacing I scolded myself for thinking thus. I was the only hope these people had for many of the more dire illnesses they could face. How would I live with myself if we secluded ourselves, essentially celebrating such irrational selfishness? Stepping into an especially deep stretch of mud steered my attention back into the present.

  

  

  

(have the debt of necro be the thing that kills the love interest)

(have the guilt push necro into doing necromancy in the first place)

(have the necromancy be the tool to bring back love interest)

  

  

  

(gets kicked in the ribs and beaten with a metal rod)

(after Necro gets beaten by debt colectors he crawls to the corpse of his beloved wife)

  

I awoke to a world of pain and the physician in me tried to locate and catalogue every injury my body was telling me about. After the list of bruises and broken bones got to long for my, probably, heavily concussed brain to count, I let it go. I felt a gentle drizzle splashing my face and I forced my less bruised shut eye, to take a look at my surroundings and saw nothing but dark roiling clouds, shedding water high up in the sky. TO a minor extend the cool droplets of water alleviated some of the pain, like droplets of water falling into a raging inferno. Though instead of bringing relief, they only made the memories come back up. I started to not merely feel the beating I had received but began reliving it all over again. Relieving the pain of getting my body kicked and broken all over again until something else came back to me. With a snap, all pain was forgotten, drained away by a sinking feeling brought over me by a question I did was forced to ask: “Where was she?” Shaky hands clawed at the mud around me in a vain attempt to get a hold on her. My body was weak. My mind was weak. Hands I couldn’t properly control grabbed vainly at at ground surrounding me. Thoughts squeezed themselves painfully through my brain. I saw her again. Scruffy looking ruffians holding her tightly, while I had to sit there, unable to do anything but stare. Once again, I saw their leader pulling out that ugly rust coated blade. The look of hateful satisfaction on his face, sure to never leave my mind again. Never have I seen eyes so cruel and a face so hard, so devoid of anything which makes people human. All I could see in this inhuman slab of meat, was the satisfaction brought through the pain and panic visibly shaking my body. The slab relished cutting into her. Watching the gushing of her blood. Letting it mix with the mud at our feet. The detached physician in me stated with infuriating calmness: “He could have drawn out her death much longer and have made it more painful. Instead she died quite fast.” I would have spat on myself, if I had been able to move. Locked into watching the light leave her eyes. The flame of her existence leaving me alone. Something inside of me broke. As if someone had thrown a rock at a mirror, I felt my own self shattering into pieces. Bits and scraps fixed onto the frame that was the physician inside me. Holding whatever was left of me together enough not to lose myself completely. If that physician wasn’t trying to help me, I would have screamed at him, beaten him, thrown expletives at him even the most deranged person would have found revolting. Instead, all I could muster was a whimper, directed at nobody in particular, apart from maybe myself.

I must have slipped out of consciousness, because I suddenly awoke to the rain picking up in strength and battering my bruised face. Grabbing the dirt around me once more, still I could not find her. With a momentous effort, I managed to roll myself onto the side. Panting, like a drowned old crone, come back to shore I looked around. A wet bundle of clothes had slightly sunk into the mud about two metres in front of me. It took a moment before it clicked. Immediately, wounds were forgotten and exhaustion something abstract and unknown. Now I had a clear goal. With a groan I flopped onto my stomach and tried to heave myself up. Some detached part of myself noticed that one of my knees must have been broken. Regardless, I got on all fours and began slowly to crawl. The knee felt as if the bone had been replaced with dozens of inch long nails but I could not have cared less. I only needed to reach her after all. See if she was alright. Anything else was secondary. She was dead. The memory hit me once more, like a boulder rolling down a steep hill. Frame by frame the calamity unfolded in grisly detail. Undeterred, I crawled. Half blind by either tears or rain I struggled my way to her. Hands almost unfeeling due to the cold rain and numerous spots of pain started to grab and grope their way around the bundle. I felt tender flesh and muscle beneath my fingers. I hobbled my way delicately towards her head. As if careful not to wake her. By now I was sobbing uncontrollably. The weight of what was still happening hitting me doubly, now that memory and reality came together contorting into one horrible nightmare. Internally begging for her to wake up I held her in my arms. Felt her body in my hands, like so many times before. Rocking gently back and forth as if comforting her after a bad day. Hours must have gone by and at some point my eyes had stopped crying. Probabilities were good, that there just weren’t any tears left in me, for I had not tried doing anything else. At first all felt fine, apart form her being a bit more inanimate than usual. Then her body slowly got more rigid. That damn physician telling me something about corpses going stiff after death. There was no space left for me to care about trivialities like the laws of physics, for what use are physics in a world that is dead. A world killed, despoiled and rent to pieces by a monster in human form. I must have stroked her face countless times. Fixed that one lock, always desperately trying to get into her eyes, more often than it had any right to. I wrapped my hands around her waist, holding her like we used to do, during the lazy mornings or early evenings. Some part of me saw the rain. Another felt the rain. Those parts did not belong to me in these hours, broken pieces of a mirror lived through these hours, all belonging to me but strewn about, separated from each other. I was in the cold dirty mud, crusted with the blood of the love of my life as well as my own, without feeling any of it. There was no pain, only regret. There was no cold, only my hands feeling her beneath them. There was no world around me, only her pale bloody face.

Some time later they came back. Put me in chains and dragged me off. They left her there. Unburied and unchanged. When she was too far away for me to see, my world went dark. Somewhere inside me there was a piece that saw where I was being dragged to. Somewhere inside me, was a part that screamed for revenge. Instead I was lying in the darkness of my own mind. Curled up in an endless expanse of formless black.

  

  

(next time look at them from prison cell perspective)

(they are now stark raving mad and will get visited by a demonic entity promising to fulfill their wish to kill and destroy anything in their path and ressurect their love)

(they will go on a rampage through the prison, releasing any prisoners inside and killing the guards)

(they will come back to the place of her death only to find someone buried their wife and gave her a nice grave)

(when they see it, they regret all the destruction they have wrought and have ambiguous ending)

(something about the kindness of strangers afforded to people they don’t know, cyclic to what they talked about when they first me)