# Instructions

Prompt 2:
Archer,
Female,
Isolated,
Deer

  
# Story
  

The first rays started to break through the dense thicket above her. One of them stole itself along her still sleeping face, right into her eye. The sun was setting and there was nothing she could do about it. Trying to escape the piercing glare of the early morning sun, she turned her head to the left. There she got greeted by a big furry snout, gently pushing itself against her fore head, instead of peaceful darkness. After she still did not seem to budge, a heavy snort blew into her face. “Alright Ukke, alright. I am awake now.” Carefully she opened her still dream sticky eyes. Pulling her right hand up to her face from the depths of her bedroll, she started rubbing them clean, while speaking to Ukke: “Your breath could probably wake the dead, you know that?” This time the snort had a decidedly indignant feel to it. “Oh come on. You are eating grass all day, every day, no wonder your breath is very… special.” Manoeuvring her left hand free as well, she patted the deer on the side of its neck, while sitting herself up. Foggy thoughts clogged her brain into an amalgamation of different things. Sensing the inevitable, her stomach decided to call for attention, knowing full well, that she would otherwise forget to eat. The warm and fuzzy comfort of her bedroll was screaming at her to lie back down as she slowly got herself out. Grasping, more on instinct than conscious thought, for her travel pack, she had used as a pillow she was once again greeted by the realization that her rations had dwindled over these last few days. Climbing through the valley was an exhilarating and definitely liberating experience. Seeing the different sized rocks and boulders be overgrown with different kinds of moss or lichen. Some of these boulders having been split by the enormous roots of trees, old enough to have witnessed the birth of the world. The fir she had chosen as her sleeping spot was considerably younger as far as she could tell. Its trunk didn’t have the stony and rugged bark many of the really old trees had. It was very straight too, while many of the really old ones didn’t remain straight over the centuries. Be it from natural disasters, disease or the lay of the land changing, whatever caused them to grow with bends or multiple heads, it would now be forever immortalized in their always ageing bodies. Trees like these had since her early childhood, made her feel small and insignificant. She may be something of a local legend, down in the lower parts of the area, but up here she was still but a child. A mere toddler compared to these elders of bark and tinder. With a gentle caress she thanked the fir, which had protected her during the night. She looked through its needles up to the still setting sun. If she was fast she might reach her goal today. Järvelän’s peak was just around the corner. That corner, being a bog of wet mossy boulders, made it all the less appealing. They were kept wet in perpetuity by ancient glacial rivers trickling their way through the scattered remains of what once had to have been a massive cliff. She did not look forward to getting her feet stuck in the squelching and sucking moss that covered every inch there, but there was no real alternative. She could of course take the drier route on a steep and inhospitable cliff on the other side of this ridge but sadly, she had no climbing equipment but even if she had, she did not fancy her chances going that way. Climbing had never been her strong suit. She could discern a rabbit’s footprint from almost a mile away and still tell, gender how much it weighed, direction of travel and age, but climbing? No. That was just not her domain. She left that to other people. With a loud growl, her stomach demanded food once again, taking her out of her thoughts and back into the present. Ukke was already busy getting breakfast from any of the hard weeds and grasses growing up here. That deer had it easy, just find something looking remotely green and go to town, she on the other hand had to find berries and herbs or at least something her stomach could actually process. Taking stock of what was left of her rations did not paint a pretty picture. The oatcakes, she had taken with her, were running low. The different berries she had collected in the lower parts were never supposed to last long but she had still held hope, that she could somehow find some more in her pack. There was some Ela’s root to suck on, she supposed. Ela’s root wasn’t particularly tasty, if you could even go so far as saying it had any taste at all. It did suppress hunger though and it fed you just enough that you could go on until you found some real food. If she wanted to get to the top though, Ela’s root wouldn’t cut it and she would need to find something better than that. With a heavy sigh, she pulled one of them out and sloshed it around her mouth, while pulling her clothes back on. Feeling the cold fabric on her skin really dragged out any remaining sleepiness she may have had. While stringing her bow, she looked it over. She knew that it was very unlikely for her bow to get spontaneously damaged during the night, but it never hurt to be careful. Her fingers felt every crease and every little nick, that the old bow had gained during its time. Sure it worked fine, even better than many of the newer ones the kids of today had. But sometimes she wondered which nick would be its last. She didn’t have a lot of arrows with her. Shooting for self defence rarely necessitated more than a dozen arrows and since these could get pretty heavy very fast, she had decided that she would rater have to be very careful with shooting, than carry a unnecessarily heavy bag. Once again, thanking her astute foresight, she hefted them over her shoulder. Closing her travel pack back, up she slung it over the other shoulder and looked at Ukke: “I will tell you again old friend. The road coming up ahead is not going to be nice for your feet. I am not sure how I will get over that bit, but I am certain you won’t be able to get through there.” Ukke gave her a flat look. “Yes, I know Ukke. You travelled through these parts since you were but a small fawn. You know every tree and every stone. I am aware, believe me. But I am also worried.” An almost sarcastic sounding snort came from Ukke. “And? Can’t I be worried about my best friend? You are getting up there in years, I’ll have you know. I am not the only one prone to spontaneous bouts of ageing! But unlike me, you will still live for another decade or two, maybe a century. I have already seen almost fifty summers like these. I know soon I won’t be able to get up there any more.” She averted her eyes, fidgeting instead with one of the straps of her garments. Ukke took a step towards her. She looked back into those big, round eyes. The gentle giant slowly inclined its head towards her and put its head on hers. A wet snort came out of his nostrils and onto her neck. “Hey! I just cleaned this cloak two days ago! Who knows if we will find another river, clean enough to do that whole ordeal again!” And with feigned resignation she continued: “Alright, I will stop objecting. You are not a fawn any more. If you wish to accompany me, I will not hold it against you.” She patted his neck as she spoke in a much gentler tone: “Thank you, for going with me. I know this isn’t your favourite place. I may be isolated from the world up here, but with you at my side, I will never feel alone.” Ukke’s eyes gave her a long look. She knew that Ukke knew this already, but seemed to appreciate the sentiment anyway. With a heavy sigh she started to turn towards her goal.

It didn’t take long for her to get her feet wet. The moss may hide what parts of the floor were solid stone and which were knee deep mud, but still she had been almost proud of how far she had come without getting her feet wet. Now all that pride let the present feeling of getting her foot buried in mud, feel all the more painful. Ukke was some steps behind her, carefully navigating the uneven ground and as far as she could tell still completely dry. Silently cursing this part of the valley, she slowly pulled her foot out. The ground made her fight for every inch of released boot. The wet squelching and puckering that accompanied it made this procedure all the more humiliating and disgusting. If she didn’t have to traverse this wet hell scape she would probably love the ascent. And here all those green, furry balls made it all look almost like a cosy blanket. A cosy blanket willing to swallow you whole if you were not careful, but a blanket nonetheless. People had called her crazy for the sentiment. But when she asked what the difference between a lake or a creek was to this, people got defensive. Both were wet and could swallow you, so to her it didn’t really make a big difference, but people got antsy like that sometimes. The sun had wandered a good bit through the sky until she had finally traversed the treacherous boulders. Using the few and far between bushes that carved out a living up here she stripped herself as much as possible and hung her mud caked clothing with careful precision amongst their branches. As a teenager she had learned the hard way, just how important it was to hang your clothes in a manner that made it particularly hard for the wind to snatch them. There were still some of her friends, now village elders themselves, retelling the story every so often at a camp fire, of how she survived her adulting trial even though she had lost her clothes on the first day to a particularly angry gust of wind. She had always felt some ambivalence about that. On the one hand making such a stupid mistake during the trial had made her feel ashamed at the time, not to mention the curious looks she got when she returned caked in nothing but mud. While on the other hand, now that they had all grown older, this story was the first to cement her legacy as one of the best wilderness striders to have ever come out of their village. It had taken years for that one to settle in but now she was happy to hear it mentioned to the young ones from generation to generation. The wind started to pick up now and shivering slightly, she was once again reminded of her increasing age. It was only the end of summer but even with the sun standing nearly above her, the wind made her feel the coming cold of autumn. Something she would never have thought about thirty years ago. Meanwhile Ukke was once again busying himself with eating anything not prickly enough to hurt him, so she was free to watch the late afternoon sun. Sitting so close to the summit she could enjoy the view of the vast mountain ranges around her. Far below her she saw countless groups of trees standing together like gossiping elders, in a sea of brown and green grasses or shrubbery. The many different ridges gave the valleys a spectacle of shades and colours to behold. Up here it all seemed so far away. There was just her, Ukke and nature. No other soul to be seen or heard. She knew, rationally, that she was looking at thousands of little souls out there. Be them birds, stags, hogs or tiny insects, but from up here there was nothing to see but the endless green, brown and grey expanse of her homeland’s highland ridges. Hearing Ukke bell she turned towards him. The deer’s head was shaking towards the summit. Seems like, Ukke had decided, her clothes were dry enough for her to continue. She knew that once night fell, reaching the summit would be much harder and Ukke clearly thought so too. After clothing herself they continued onwards. The rest of the way was by no means easy, but compared to the mossy boulders anything seemed trivial. The sun had only started to set, when they finally reached the top. The warm yellow glow of the early evening coloured the small summit’s shrine in a vivid orange. As thanks for her successful ascent she gave a brief prayer to Järvelän, the patron of this particular mountain. He had been the first ever person to get up here and every since his death, it was said that, he would keep respectful climbers safe and secure on his mountain. Knowing full well the stories about his love for sunsets, she did not want to take too long praying, since she too felt compelled to watch and she was sure that he wouldn’t mind under these circumstances. She laid a small chain strung up with wooden charms inside the shrine as her offering. The little wooden pearls she had carved herself during the evenings on her climb up here from old bark and broken twigs. To her, it made it feel all the more valuable, since it was made with wood from this mountain and reused otherwise dead wood. Finished with her reverence she turned from the shrine towards the now fully setting sun. Ukke had lain down besides the shrine to watch the event and without further ado, she sat down next to him, joining in the spectacle unfolding in front of her, for potentially her last time.