# Instructions

Prompt 8
Alchemist
Defiant
Female
Suggested Ambiance: https://youtu.be/kSITcm-nCC0?si=H1BKftXx97e2YsaR

# Story
  

Another explosion rocked the walls around her. Distant screaming made it seem as if something important had been hit. She brought a steady hand towards the calcinator and started the purification process. A week ago, the relentless shelling of the royal palace would have left her in a constant state of panic. By now, she had gotten used to it. Had to get used to it. The battle itself was a lost cause, so much was clear. Two months ago the enemy had breached the outer most walls. Walls which had stood for centuries, crumbling within the first month of the siege. She had run the calculations, if the enemy hadn’t needed two weeks to set up their positions, the walls wouldn’t have survived as long as they had. As a scholar dedicated to the natural sciences, she ahd been acutely aware, how much warfare was changing. Half a century ago, black powder weapons had been mostly unheard of. Trebuchets and Onagers being the best of the best when it came to destruction over large distances. Crossbows, war bows and slings the height of murder from distance. Now there were staves made of wood and steel, shooting fist sized spheres at you from more than double the ranges most conventional weapons could achieve. Even though they were only aimed in your general direction, you got hit only once. With an arrow you could dress the wound, remove splinters, heal a broken bone. A pebble, hurled from a sling would give you a potentially deadly concussion or if you were really lucky, only a bruise. Crossbows might over penetrate the soft tissue and leave comparatively small wounds. But these staves? If they hit you, it was over. The unlucky ones only lose a limb, incapacitated for the rest of their life. But most would be ripped apart, covering their former comrades in their insides. She had seen it happen these past weeks. At first she had been mortified. Barely comprehending what just happened. One moment a soldier in armour had stood on the wall, looking out for the next assault. It had only taken a blink from her, to see him fall. A meaty thud as he got hit, another as he hit the ground. People fell from walls all the time during a siege. She knew what such a corpse looked like. The sphere had left little to even fall to the ground. A massive hole gaped in the armour. Meat and blood covering the exit hole and sprinkling the ground behind it. Back then it had frightened her. Filled her with an existential dread she had never before experienced. It had made her question, whether she was doing the right thing in pursuing such technology. By the third corpse she was already numb to it. Focussing instead on finding a way to bring this siege to a draw or prolonging the status quo. The enemy should not win like this. Without Honour. Without even having to try. Her life, and the life of everyone here was worth more than that. They deserved a honourable death in combat. Instead they died slowly. One explosion here, wiping out a family. A sphere there, ripping a soldier apart, who had trained all their life. Sometimes, even a sphere which had originally missed, still killed, throwing wooden splinters around its impact, killing someone who had taken cover nearby. Her hand began to shake. She shouldn’t dwell on what was happening upstairs. Another impact shook her laboratory, as if to remind her that there was no escaping it. Either she died from starvation, disease or from a cave in, brought by one of the explosions. This time the wailing outside was louder. Must have hit real close this time. Her laboratory was in an underground cellar. One of the few rooms which were shielded by the castles fundament, and thus relatively calm. It brought with it the fear of being entombed, a fear which had considerably less impact ever since she had accepted that she would not survive this. Regardless of what she did, she would die. Monitoring the purification process she knew, that it was only a slim consolation, but at least the enemy outside would have to waste their powder. All that shelling was effective but probably also cost a fortune. The longer they survived, the more expensive it would be. Even if she couldn’t achieve a military victory, she could do her damn best to cripple their economy. She swore that the enemy would not win easily, as another explosion rippled through the masonry.