# Instructions

Prompt 4
Paladin
Male
Euphoric

# Story


The smell of incense clung heavy to the air, a dense fog clouding my vision. From the adjacent room came the low growls of my brethren’s chanting. We were nearing the final stage of our project. Months of preparation were soon to reveal whether they would pay off or not. In hushed whispers the ones, not involved in the ritual, organized and deliberated upon the next moves. It was a dark night today. If everything went according to our plans, it would get even darker still. Our chapel was lighted by innumerable candles, slowly dripping wax onto the floor beneath them. If one got far enough away from the ritual chamber, one could hear the dripping on the cold stone floor. Congealing at the bottom of the many candelabras and chandeliers standing along the massive walls or hanging from the ceilings. The walls, made from blackened stone, did not reflect much light, plunging the hallways and rooms into an umbral embrace, making the candles feel even smaller than they already were.

Soon we It would come to pass. I could feel it in the way the hushed whispers died down. The way the air was palpably heavy with anticipation. Then the doors were opened for us. Signalling the beginning of the end stage. The excitement, built up from the months of preparation, made it difficult for me to keep a steady pace. The opening of the doors was accompanied with a musty waft of stale air. It clung to my hairless face and head, like steam coming from a pot. The sweet metallic smell of fresh mixed with decades old blood, a pungent odour, reassuring my belief in the Cardinal. The Cardinal made way for us to come and finish It. Reverently, I followed my family into the great hall of our cloister. The chapter knight I was, I knew this place from ceiling to floor. Endless days spent patrolling it’s walls, had made me intimately familiar with its design. I had left my armour, in pristine condition, back in my room. From today on, I would not have a need for armour any more. With their arrival, such corporeal thoughts would be void. Following my brothers and sisters we went through the central walkway. The red carpet squelching on every step. In a slow and steady rhythm, we made our way to the grand altar. Disciples around me murmuring the same mantras I had heard echoing through the halls for days on end. Sweat started to form on my body. I could feel moisture accumulating and clinging to the simple robe I was wearing. The air felt hot and stagnant.

We congregated around the summoning circle. The circle, which would produce a portal for their arrival. Surrounding us were walls, plinths and banks lined with crimson candles. Alight with a flame, that sent shivers down my spine. Something in the way that they did not flicker made them feel incredibly unnatural. Its almost brown colouration did not help.

We stood in two lines around the circle. The steady murmur around me picked up in pace and volume. Standing in the first row, I got a good look at the circle itself. It had about ten long strides in diameter and more crimson candles stood about a stride apart along the blood denoting the circle’s outermost border. More blood was drawn in lines through the circle. Within them, strange symbols were carved into the stone floor. I could not make sense of them and the longer I looked the less I felt I could see. If I didn’t know any better, I would have said that these symbols changed as soon as you stopped watching them. The Cardinal walked through the two rows and into the middle of the circle. A pang of guilt poked my stomach, as I caught my envy rising. Why was he the one, allowed to let Them enter him? Use his body as the conduit between their home and our world? He would be the first to welcome them. His blood would be the first to get spilled, to bring enlightenment to us all.

Next thing I knew, I found myself chanting with the others. The Cardinal had stripped himself. His body, heavily muscled and lean and skin covered in inscriptions. Holy litany and consecrated verse etched every crevice. Innumerable scars pockmarked his body, intertwined with the symbols denoting his devotion. He stood, arms outstretched and head held high. My mouth formed the unknown words as if by itself and as we were about to start the next verse, the Cardinal intoned with us. His voice was strong. His voice seemed to carry itself through the sanctum, to the highest of ceilings and lowest of crypts. We followed his example. Voices rising with every divine verse completed. Soon my ears were ringing, but I did not stop. Soon my throat was hoarse, but I did not stop. We screamed to our saviours, pure unbridled fervour granting our voices endless strength. The Cardinal stopped his chanting. Drowned out by us around him. Instead he picket up a specially prepared knife. Turning around, he looked towards the still open doors. We completed the last verse and the sudden silence fell upon as like a blanket over a roaring fire. The ringing in my ears stopped as the Cardinal spoke again. His voice was different now. Deeper. Throatier. He raised the knife slowly towards his chest. Intoning a psalm I did not recognize. We watched him. We listened to his chant. At this point, I could have sworn the others had started to chant again. His voice seemed to not be alone. Whenever he spoke, multitudes of otherworldly tongues, seemed to complement his own. The light seemed to recede, making way for something else. The crimson candles seemed to get subsumed by it. Slicing open his left arm, his chanting grew louder. From the tip of his middle finger, he carved a bloody line all the way to his chest. The choir of his voice rose further, almost deafening me now. Doing the same for his right arm, ooze like black blood started pouring, pooling at his feet. He stood, arms outstretched anew, singing his praises to our patrons. As the ichor kept pouring from his wounds, I felt It. With every drop from his body, their strength in our world increased. With every drop, the light retreated further from our room. Slowly the black liquid congealed into a formless mass. Shaping and falling apart around the Cardinals feet. I started to chant again. My brothers and sisters did the same. As if strung by the same bow, our voices melded into one. We dropped on our knees. The Thing out of the ooze, started to become larger. Black formless arms rising around the Cardinal before falling back into the abyss. No human should survive loosing this much blood, the knight, somewhere in my brain realised. Instead I chanted. The Cardinal’s body was growing white. His eyes went grey and the irises had gone. I noticed his muscles loosing shape. It was as if the flesh and blood of his body was draining, pouring out and forming into the black mass at his feet.

It was now almost too dark to see. A spawn had started to become distinct along the deflating corpse of the Cardinal, for he must be dead by now. Standing upright only through the power of our gods. The voices coming from his mouth had not stopped, even though his lips had shrunk and dried up, unable to move. We reached another end to our verse. Gasping for the mouldy tasting air, like a drowning sailor, there was a miniscule lull in our synchronous chant. As I gulped in any air I could find, the Cardinals body finally sagged into the black abyss at his feet. Total blackness envelopped everything around me. I could not see anything. I could not hear anything. All I could feel was a presence. A presence surrounding me. I could feel it, even though I did not feel my body any more. “They had come.” was the last thought I could remember.