
# Instructions

Prompt:1

Male mage

Fox familiar/pet

High Medieval

Happy vibes

# Story


The gentle drizzle of rain against the window paired with the crackling of a small fire was all he needed to get himself into the mood for some late night practise. Technically the lecturers forbade them from using untested magic outside of the test chambers, but what harm could he do? First year student that he was, any chances at actually causing harm with his experiments were minimal at best. Or so he had repeated told himself by now. He really needed the practise too. While his class mates seemed to grasp the basics of summoning without doing much, he seemingly was always the last one to complete the rituals. It took him almost a full week longer to get his first elemental to appear. With some shame he remembered the carnage that his first elemental had brought. He must’ve miscalculated something when initializing the ritual, because instead of having the small elemental be contained in it’s summoning circle, instead it instantly lost its form and doused the place in water of all types of consistencies. Good thing it was only a water elemental. He did not want to think about what would have happened if he had accidentally called an earth or gods forbid a fire elemental in its stead. Even if he was a first year student a faux pas like that would’ve gotten him in big trouble. No expulsion, that much was reasonably safe to assume, but probably some community service. Living in a magical academy, one would assume that menial tasks were handled by magic brooms and mops, but not quite. As easily as one could make them do chores, the sanitation headmasters could just as easily make them stop, so that an unruly student would have to do them instead. In a way, he thought that it was a good system, since it was not forbidden to use the same animation spells the headmasters would use to get around doing the community service manually. With that, community service could be another opportunity to improve one’s abilities. For him though, there would be a big issue, in him being unable to cast those animation spells yet. That yet though was very much temporary. He would make sure of that in the coming years. For now though, he would have to be careful, lest he would have to manually mop the floors. Shuddering at such a thought, he turned back to the stack of books in front of him. Leaning precariously to one side, this unstable crescent of knowledge would provide him with the tips and tricks required to summon something unproblematic. Of this he was absolutely sure... maybe reasonably sure. Something would definitely happen, and he would be the proud master of _it_. Whatever _it_ would end up being. Pulling his student’s safety gambeson over his robes, he stood up. Pushing the comfortable armchair and table of his personal study all the way to the wall to make room and came back to stand next to his Crescent of Knowledge. The dusty tomes with their yellowing pages would prove most helpful, even if he did not yet know how exactly. Pulling open Master Wildefried’s Tome of Evoking the Evocable, he began reading the instructions for summoning an entity Master Wildefried called something akin to a “Young Windcharmer”. Rolling his eyes at the vague and flowery language, this centuries dead Master used. Squeezing out the minimal amount of information found in these pages, he began preparing his summoning circle. Master Wildefried was talking about drawing the conductor runes towards the Portal of Evocation. Guessing that he meant drawing runes of magic on the summoning circle he set out to finding the relevant runes in his text book. Cursing the dialect that the Master used, he began going through the encyclopedic index of the “Summoning Specific Runes” section. Perusing the ledger, the sheer volume of known runes and runic combinations stirred some trepidation into his heart. Cursing the Master once more, he was close to admitting defeat. Some overly smug person had had the gall to change the translations of these runes from the version Master Wildefried had used to the more modern translation used in his classes. With shaking hands he looked at the other books. Did he think about getting an older rune ledger, when sneaking these books from the library? After double and triple checking a sinking feeling made its way into his stomach. Even by checking all the titles multiple times another ledger did not seem to materialise in front of him. Considering his innate if untrained magical skills, he had held some hope of spontaneously manifesting the solution right then and there. He could almost hear Mistress Olberina teling him: “Magic doesn’t just happen. It needs to be coaxed, manipulated into doing anything. And only if you can make it do something, you can think about trying to make it do the things you want it to do. Magic is inherently stubborn and almost as lazy as you, never forget that and you might make it to Master after all.” Still he had hedged some last hopes. He backed away slowly. All his energy and anticipation draining at the sight of his hubris laid bare. Sitting down on the luxurious upholstery of his armchair, his eyes were locked onto the incomplete circle. He contemplated how to spend the rest of this night. Should he try to summon something even though he might mistranslate the instructions? But, what if he accidentally summons a fire elemental in his study? Looking around he saw the tapestry hanging from the walls. The stone beneath them would subdue the fire’s expansion. But the tapestry would be sacrificed. On second thought that was probably a good thing, considering how ugly these ones looked. But what about his chair, table and bed? Well, if he did summon something bad, he wouldn’t be needing them any more anyway, now would he? Suddenly the dangers of doing something wrong didn’t seem so grave any longer, considering that, if it went wrong badly enough, he would not face the consequences at all. Taking a deep breath, he stood back up. An hour later there were only a few inscriptions remaining. He had decided that the “Young Windcharmer” must be the title of a familiar I a dog shape, since dogs are fast and quite charming. That should be near risk free and only needed a good dozen of inscriptions, thus minimising potential translation errors as well. Master Wildefried seemed to prefer writing all the inscriptions without specifying which familiar would need to use them, instead only talking about the qualities one needed to write in order to specify the kind of familiar one wanted.. A small part of him hoped that the gods cursed him for this unreasonable chaos in the afterlife. From one of those, Master Wildefried mentions that a “sleighe” would need to be written close to the upper part of the circle. He knew the word sleigh only as a word for a sled so he thought: “A sleigh is something that reliably brings you through the cold of winter from one point to another. Winter is cold. So having fur would help you stay warm… A dog is not only reliable but also quite furry… is that the relation the Master wants me to draw?” Looking over the cryptic instructions once more, he took a second to consider the time he had remaining. If he didn’t get going he might have to stop mid incantation to attend classes. Not willing to risk that, he decided that this assumption had to be correct. After all magic wasn’t an exact science. So he told himself right up until all that remained was to actually conduct the ritual. Giddy with anticipation he had to stop himself from stuttering. Mistress Adelheidt was very particular about this: “Never stutter or mumble. If you cast your magic, do it with force and authority. It may not be necessary for your spell but it will be necessary for your audience, as well as yourself, to see a confident mage and not a sniffling child using a power which could end all of your lives on a whim.” The Mistress had a penchant for the dramatic, but he knew that she was right. If he believed in himself, then he would do it. If he didn’t then he might stop himself now, minutes away from his moment of triumph. Inhaling deeply, he listened to his heartbeat. Counting to fifty to calm his fluttering nerves. Thoughtful and methodical he began intoning his incantations. Moving his fingers and feet he began tracing the inscribed runes into the air, activating their powers one by one. Closing his eyes, he could feel the pressure in the room changing. Could feel the magical energies flowing through the room and his body. He could feel himself become the conduit through which they would understand his wish. Through which they would submit themselves to his bidding. He lost track of time, completely subsumed by his task. The last word had barely left his mouth as he felt the currents tense up. Like a river flash freezing from one moment to the other. For a second he couldn’t breathe, move or even think. Then, suddenly all the pressure was sucked towards his circle. It felt as if all the energy, that had filled the room was explosively decompressed out of his study, leaving him feeling weightless just long enough, to let him loose his balance and fall on his backside. After getting his bearings he opened his eyes to a suddenly gloomy room. In the centre of his study lingered a tiny animal. Ephemeral in it’s appearance, he knew, he had succeed. It didn’t quite look like a dog, but he did not care for this was his moment of triumph. Jumping up to bask in his lonely glory, he took a good look at the entity in front of him. Even though its ethereal glowing pelt was quite transparent, he felt as if it would be very soft to the touch. Two white and blue eyes looked at him from behind an elongated snout. Short triangular ears moved to face him. The tiny legs didn’t match his idea of a dog’s legs, just as much as the face. What was he looking at? A pang of terror struck him as he hoped, it wasn’t something dangerous. He approached his creation very carefully. “What may be my Master’s wish?” The words were suddenly heard inside his skull. Perplexed and stunned he took a step back looking around. The voice was eerily similar to a human’s but different in a way he couldn’t quite put a finger on. He hadn’t heard it from his ears he realized. Instead it had come directly into his head. His eyes circling back to the creature, it seemed, to him, to be watching him. Now sitting on it’s haunches it’s eyes were indeed watching him with an intense serenity, he had never seen before. He murmured carefully towards the thing: “Did you just speak?” Flinching hard at its only slightly expected response, he heard: “Indeed, the voice you had heard was mine Master. You have called for me and I am awaiting your command, Master.” Slowly the gears in his head fell into place. Was he the things “Master” because he had summoned it? But didn’t he summon a dog? What was the thing he was looking at? “My form is that of a fox, as mine Master’s people call it, Master. My name is Vhont. It has been long since the last summons, of mine Master’s people. I anticipate much greatness from the wishes and designs of Vhond’s Master, Master.” Utterly dumbfounded he just looked at the fox he had summoned. Rattled he asked: “Are you real?”. The response came imediately: “If Master means to ask, whether this chosen form of mine can interact with mine Master’s plane of existence, then let it be known, that indeed I may interact freely with it, in any way mine Master’s wishes may be. Unless, those include the harming of other’s of mine Master’s people, Master.” “Why can you not harm others?” he asked more out of reflex than actually wishing to cause harm to somebody. “It is not the destiny of my people to be the cause of harm, Master. I may help you in any capacity possible but I am not destined for destruction, only creation, Master.” “Who has decided to make you like this?” “I must apologize, Master. I am truly and utterly inconsolable but, I am not able to tell you the truth. I am unable to lie, thus I shan’t answer you, Master.“ That seemed about reasonable as far as he could tell at this moment. Now what? He had always been thinking about how to summon something but now that he had unexpectedly accomplished that, he realized that he did not know how to continue on from here. Remembering the fleeting nature of elementals, he asked: “How long do you last?”. The fox tilted its head slightly to the left, reminding him of, a quizzical posture: “My kind is forbidden from expiry. If Master deems it necessary, Master may disavow me from himself. But otherwise I shall heed your word at any point in time, until Master’s own expiry. I deeply hope that this event still lies in a far flung future, unimportant for the currents of Master’s internal thoughts, Master.” The last sentence brought a new question to his mind, can it listen to his thoughts? “Yes, Master. But if Master wishes it not to be thus, I shall pretend I do not, Master.” Still befuddled by his success as he was, he just kept looking at it. “If Master would allow me a remark, upon Master’s health. It seems you are close to unhealthy amounts of exhaustion, which prompts me to be concerned with Master’s well being. If Master pleases, would he be so kind as to lie down, until Master’s classes start? I can wake him most timely, if Master so wishes, Master?” For the first time really feeling the fall out of a missed night’s sleep he could hardly agree more. Would probably help him process, what exactly had just happened as well. He nodded to Vhont and after shuffling to his bed, fell into exhausted slumber before even reaching the matress.