# Instructions

Prompt 6
Necromancer/Summoner
Romantic
Non binary
Music Recommendation: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_fy-sSl6qk&list=PLz9f2B96GIdIi2piK-LrT94SaucZUCtzQ&index=1

# Story


We had spread our little blanket out under the straw coloured tendrils of a warm summer afternoon’s sun. The tall grass shielding us from view, granting the privacy we wanted. We had started off, by sitting next to each other, bashfully snacking on the fruits and cheeses we had brought with us. As it got later into the afternoon we relaxed more and more, growing comfortable with each other. Thus we reclined somewhat, making use of the soft, green and yellow striped cotton. During this time we had laughed together, had talked about many different topics, but now, we had come to talk about the fundamentals. I began: “Life can be a wonderful experience. But why do we exist? Why can we feel the sun’s rays-” and I pointed towards the, by now, sinking sun. “or the winds caress? Why do I care whether I feel them or not? Plants need them to survive, but we can sit at home for a week and as long as we get some food and drink, we will live. It won’t be pleasant but survival it would be. Why did we as a people evolve this way? What is the reason to continue existing?” Expectantly, I looked at them. Their hair was beginning to take on a more bronze shine as the sun’s colours started to darken now. After some time of deliberation they responded: “I do not know.” Looking out towards the tall grass they continued: “If I look at our ancestors, if I look at what remains of them. What do I see? What do we see?” Their head turned back towards me. Flooding me with the glow of their warm lavender eyes. I had to shake my head in order to loosen myself from their spell. For a moment, I considered saying something along the lines of “The most beautiful thing on this plane of existence.” but thought better of it. Would have disrupted the conversation and I did not even know if they felt similarly. Disregarding the fact, that I could do better than use such a lame line. Instead I contemplated before answering: “Their art. The things they crafted for their children to one day inherit. We might no longer know their names but we still find their carving of a horse they saw centuries ago. We might not know the names of their children but we still find wooden dolls. Dolls whose wood is tarnished and rubbed smooth from years of hands and cheeks, hugging and caressing them. On cave walls we sometimes find remnants of their stories. Pictures telling us of an especially well gone hunt, or telling the story of how their tribe got there. We find pottery with calcified food in them. Showing how the people had cooked and cherished food long before you were born. Parents making little bowls for their newborn children. These children using said bowls to care for their elderly parents decades later. What we see is, that to take care of each other is universal. Regardless of time or place, we can see the hints of your ancestors caring for each other. Creating art to share stories or to offer comfort to someone they cared about.” I stopped and broke eye contact with them. Scanning the horizon of our grassy fortress before continuing. “I have seen many generations come and go. One thing I have always borne witness to, is the love that your ancestors shared between each other. Not necessarily romantic love but said love was what brought your people to continually innovate. Make life a little easier one day at a time. I think, that to live is to love and to love is to create art. Art which you share to make others happy.” I turned my head to look back into their eyes. I may not be part of her plane but that doesn’t stop me from experiencing everything as much as I can and right now, all that mattered, was the warm fuzziness that spread through my body, while looking at their face. By now, either unwittingly or by a conscious choice on their part, there were only a few inches between our heads. Alas, as I kept melting away, these inches could as well have been miles. A soft response followed my observation: “I agree.” Rolling over so that they now lied on their stomach, thus closing in another inch they continued: “It must be fascinating to see so many lives lived. See so many people find their purpose, find their happiness around the people they love.” At their approach my heart started racing. Beating in my chest as if wanting to break free. I thought over their words, stumbling over them as my body betrayed my mind. Compared to them I had lived multiple lifetimes worth of years. It was one thing to be an observer. I had always been far removed from such things. Never thought it possible for one such as I to feel these for myself. Experiencing the exhilarating effect their presence had on me, made me brutally aware just how wrong I had been. A part of me had always wondered how it felt for them. How it felt to connect to someone on such a deep and emotional level. Fair to say, I was completely out of my depth here. Struggling to find an answer I just kept watching their face. Feeling slightly awkward doing it, but also not knowing what to offer as response. After a few more seconds, I started stammering: “I … am not sure… It had always been different. So far removed. Never thought I would even interact with one of them... Much less…” Their brows shot up by a fraction, shooting me a bemused but inquisitive look. “Much less…This?” They continued with a devilish grin, before doing another half roll towards me. Now they rested on their side. One arm propping up their head. Shoulder length hair curling slightly along their forearm, other hand resting innocently on their hip. I swallowed. Apparently audibly, since a small chuckle escaped their otherwise beaming face. With a hoarse voice, I replied: “Maybe.” Subconsciously, I traced their free hand, slowly creeping its way forward, with every bit of exchange. There was a palpable, definite anxiety inside of me. My stomach, aching as it began to dawn on me. There was a proposal in their words. Unspoken but not left unsaid. An innocent implication, if one were so inclined. It sent me reeling. Was it anxiety? Or maybe anticipation? Anticipation for a culmination, a release, of all the pent up hopes and sorrows I had felt these past few months. Also the anxiety of misreading the situation. Maybe they didn’t feel the way I did? Maybe I was misunderstanding what their intentions were? Who knew what one was supposed to do in these situations. Well, I had seen such situations before. Between others like them. But never would I have guessed I’d be joining them. What if this was somehow different? What if I did something wrong? Could I do something wrong? They must have read the inner turmoil from my face as their hand stopped, barely a finger’s length from my hip. A questioning look in their face, told me everything I needed to know. I was safe. I was understanding everything right. They would not harm me, even now, that I am at my most vulnerable. We locked eyes again. Relief flooding me in waves, flushing my cheeks, making me tremble ever so slightly. My body felt heavy, leaden weights pushing me into the ground, making it hard to move. I was barely even breathing. With almost insurmountable effort, I gave a small nod. A smile broke their face. I felt a hand on my stomach as they leaned in. Hair tickling my shoulders and neck. Soft lips carefully pressing on mine. Gently probing for final permission. Craning my neck ever so slightly, I responded with a kiss of my own. I lost all sense of self, all the pent up anxiety and stress melted away like ice over a fire. All I could feel was the softness of their face nuzzling mine. All I could think about was keeping close and from time to time remember to take a breath. Everything else ceased to exist. There was no sun, no grass, no ground. There was only the feeling of their body on mine. Their lips on mine. Their appreciation and love mixed and intertwined with mine. Time itself had stopped. There was nothing but us.