# Instructions

Prompt 5
rogue
female
ominous
recommended ambience: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDWtH8eHeEU

  
# Story
 

Standing in the middle of the plaza, a hard to place feeling of regret traced through his body. From the moment he had entered the strangely empty plaza, he had felt lost. Lost and abandoned. The night did that sometimes with you. Made familiar things feel out of place. Be it from the generally reduced traffic or the lack of sunlight. Still he had chosen to walk across it, consciously decided to ignore his body’s misgivings about the decision. Now, he would have to face the night’s retribution. It had started as a casual walk through the empty streets at night. The city was generally considered one of the safer places on the continent and him being one of the cities thousands of inhabitants would not have stood out much. He had always tried not to look like his peers. Had clothed himself in simple garbs, like the lesser men which usually worked for him. Sure, he had endured some mockery from the social circles he frequented, but in such cases, he would just ask the perpetrators for their balance statement and suddenly any critic went silent. Back in his youth it had been the same for the lack of women in his life. Or lack of any partner at all to be precise. It had been suspected that he liked men, since nobody had ever seen him with a woman in any kind of relation. But those voices would always be brought to silence, when asking them about their profits. The strange emptiness around him brought his mind back to the present. A plaza of this size shouldn’t be this empty though, not even at night, right? Something in his subconscious had tried to warn him. Told him that the plaza was not alright. Proud as he was, he had not thought that anyone or anything would assail him out in the open. But without the familiar feeling of the tall buildings next to him, suddenly everything seemed different. Looking to his left and right, it all felt so far away. On a rational level he knew that the next building was only a good hundred strides from him, but emotionally? He could not have felt further away from them if an ocean had cut him off. Standing in the middle of the plaza he turned about himself. There were two streets leading to or from this plaza. There should be people here. Even if it only a guard patrol. The dark and empty windows did nothing to alleviate his growing illogical distress. If anything, they made it worse. Tricking his mind into seeing things that weren’t truly there. Windows being tilted ever so slightly for example. He knew it was a trick of his mind since, when he blinked they suddenly didn’t have a tilt to them any more. It was similar with the shadows. Some of the windows seemed to have a shadowy figure standing in them. But trying to see anything other than their vague shape was impossible from this distance. His eyesight was fine but in the dark? Everything was harder to see. But these must be coat hangings surely. Standing as still as they did, they had to be. He continued onwards. Anxiety hastening his irregular falling steps. Strange how loud your own footfalls sound when you are the only one in the vicinity. Even though he could see the moon on the cloudless night’s sky, the place felt strangely dark. The white marble beneath his feet seemed to barely reflect the light and the walls of the estates exuded more of a dark grey than the pearly white one saw during daytime. He stopped again. Did he just hear another set of footsteps? Looking about he saw nothing and nobody. Either someone was fooling him or he must have misheard. He spun around a few times just to make sure. The plaza was completely flat with no ornamentation, so there was no way someone could hide from him. After his third sweep he was convinced. He must have misheard. Now reassured, he went to continue on his way and was confused. Did he not walk in this direction before stopping? About a hundred strides in front of him was the housing front leading to a dark estate with more of those shape filled windows. Turning left he saw a road. Turning right he saw the other. With all that spinning he must have disoriented himself, surely. Frowning he turned left and began walking towards the exit. Only about another hundred strides to go. Shouldn't take a minute. Shortly after heading off, he heard the steps again. This time closer behind him. Taking a deep breath, he spun around. There was an empty road and dark houses, nothing more. The sound of steps was gone. He turned around to go and continue on his way. Surely his mind had to be at fault here. Probably was the echo from the emptiness around him. Instead, stupefied, he stood still. There was no road to be seen, instead he saw an empty plaza leading to a row of houses for at least another hundred strides. He turned around. The road he had been looking at was gone. Instead it was now to his right. Turning to his left he started walking faster towards his destination. His pace quickened and so did the foot steps behind him. He started running. So did the steps. Without another thought or any hesitation he stopped and spun around again. Nothing. Just an empty plaza with estates and their weirdly angled windows. The road in front of him was just as empty as it had been the last two times. He turned around, watching closely for the roads to change again. They stayed. Only another hundred strides to leave this horrid place. Hesitantly he took a step. He heard no sound other than his sole scraping over the loose pebbles on the rough pavement. He took another step. Still nothing unexpected to be heard. He returned to his usual pace. Taking care not to blink and give the road a chance to disappear again. Shaking his head he scolded his paranoia. It was just his bad sense of direction nothing more, had to be. His circles had always commented on his lack of direction. The only bad quality they had ever ridiculed him for after all. He made good headway this time. After a solid minute the way out was getting closer and closer without any footsteps behind him. He felt his features soften as the anxiety slowly dissipated. He reckoned that it was only about a hundred strides until he reached the exit. A window to his right caught his attention. He stopped in order to inspect it more thoroughly. The shape in it looked roughly humanoid but had its head tilted. Strange how the shadows work at night. The pebbles below his feet crunched as he set off again. Only another hundred strides, it really wasn’t that far now. With a pleasant realization he noticed, that their footsteps were now almost synchronous, so he slowed down his own to match her pace. But. Why slow down to match her pace if he could just wait for her? He stopped and turned around. Confusion and puzzlement marked his face. Where was she? He had been sure, he had heard her steps behind him. Must have been the wind. He shrugged and turned around to the plaza’s exit. The last hundred strides would be done in no time. Especially with his wife to keep him company. Turning about he tried to find her. She was nowhere to be seen. She was shy like that sometimes. Instead he found himself a bit annoyed at the creator of the plaza. Why create a dead ended plaza? Surely it would not have been that hard to design it with two ways to enter or exit? When he came back into his office tomorrow he would check with the city council how much this place costs. Can’t be that expensive after all, with such bad design. His boots squelched through the mud beneath his feet. Only another hundred strides to go. Walking towards the exit he heard squelching behind him. Again he stopped. The squelching approached in an irregular pace. Closing his eyes, he could feel the tiredness of missing sleep catching up with him. He opened his eyes and looked towards the end of the plaza. It was only another hundred strides until he would reach the estates. A silky hand found its way into his. Warmth spread around his insides at the familiar intimacy. His beloved and him didn’t need to go that far until they would be home, that much was certain. Looking about the tilted windows and black facades he estimated as much. Only another hundred strides left to go.