# Instructions

Prompt 7
Assassin
Hopeful
Male
Suggested Playlist: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyg5jJrZ42s

  

# Story


Watching the dice roll had a calming effect on Bertrand. Something about the sound they made combined with the hopes of a satisfactory outcome seemed to steady his turbulent nerves. “I move my Ma’anturian Riders two hexes to the south.” said the blond farm boy to his right. Sure enough, the kid had his figures painted to match the coat of arms of the Turian nation. Bertrand considered telling the kid that people from Ma’antur are called Turian’s but thought better of it. He stuck out like a sore thumb already, being the only velvet skinned person around. Bad intel had let him believe that people like him would be numerous and well liked. Instead he was tolerated and alone. Still much better than what would befit a man of his station. Farm Boy’s cavalry charged through a forest tile into his archers. Not a bad play considering the archers weakness to cavalry, but the forest would give him an edge. Farm Boy rolled for attack, with two hits confirmed. Pretty bad roll all things considered. If Bertrand wanted to win, he’d be laughing and joking about “tired horses” or “bad lighting” impairing Farm Boy’s charge. But he was not here to win. He let out an expected chuckle and rolled for the counter attack. One confirmed hit wasn’t great return but Farm Boy seemed to be in distress nonetheless. Their duel was by now well underway. Fifteen turns in and they had had some light skirmishes, nothing decisive yet. Bertrand was confident that if the dice were at least somewhat on his side he could have won five turns ago. Without a reason to be wanting to finish though, Bertrand had no reason to rush. To subdue the shaking, he grabbed the underside of the table with his hands, while waiting for Farm Boy to finish executing his grand designs. The Master of Grand Strategies that was Farm Boy took his sweet old time to think through his next steps. A different setting would have made Bertrand proud to see a young man be deliberate in his decision making, maybe even encouraged him with some tips. Instead Bertrand found his mind wandering about. Going through the events of the day. Sorting things and reassuring himself that everything was going to plan. Farm Boy’s aggressive incompetence at the game aggravated Bertrand enough for him to be able to not think to far into the future. Or past for that matter. “Mathar? It’s your turn. I know I’m good but please don’t give up already. Nobody else likes to play with me!” Bertrand once again was yanked away from the doorstep in his mind. Just so prevented from thinking about how his life had come crashing down to “this”. Whatever “this” was. “I uhhh… Move my builder one hex to the west and build a tower overlooking this valley. Then my archers are going to move up supported by this-” and he started to move his pieces “- unit of heavy infantry.” In his humble opinion, these decisions were nothing to ride home about. In order to stall the game he pushed up very slowly. Completely forgoing any cavalry. It was a save strategy against someone using lots of small raiding forces, since they were usually unable to penetrate such formations. Sure Bertrand’s villages burned continuously or even got captured. But he was advancing towards Farm Boy’s Castle one turn at a time. If Farm Boy didn’t start changing his approach Bertrand would win. It would take another ten or so turns, but right now Bertrand was hard pressed to lose without actively forfeiting. Farm Boy was stupefied. Sweat had started to accumulate at his temples and Bertram could see that Farm Boy was putting on a brave face. Trying to lure him in with a false and completely unjustified confidence. Bertrand knew he could weave a spell, trivial to someone like him, and win without Farm Boy knowing. But where was the fun in that? No Bertrand never cheated. He was better than that. Had been better than that. Before his “employer” had forced him to change his lifestyle. Today would be the last day. Then the contract would be fulfilled. Bertrand’s hand began to shake again. Farm Boy was doing another useless attack so Bertrand rolled the dice to conceal the shaking until he got it back under control. The tavern around them was starting to empty. Late night forcing people to go back to their little homes. Bertrand would be going soon too. No sense in renting a bed if you don’t plan to stay the night, but he still needed to wait. Farm Boy finally decided to move against Bertrand’s castle. Using his light cavalry to set it to besieged. He had another group of archers on his castle, which promptly annihilated Farm Boy’s siege camp. Feeling the moment near, Bertrand started to push more aggressively. Farm Boy’s heavy cavalry would take three turns to reach him if he decided to attack from the rear instead of resiegeing Bertrand’s castle. Farm Boy decided to besiege his castle. Bertrand was disappointed. Not surprised but disappointed. Good rolls allowed Farm Boy to threaten a game over and Bertrand was considering the chances for that to happen. If Farm Boy’s cavalry rolled exceptionally well next turn he would lose. If Bertrand rolled slightly below average for the next two turns he would win. A gambit, he was ready to accept. He felt a spike of adrenaline hitting him. A reminder of what had been taken from him, and how. He shoved it aside. “I siege your castle again.” He said and grabbed the dice. Shivering in giddy anticipation he threw them over the table. Every attack hit. Bertrand’s head began to spin. Everything seemed to flush his senses. The elation of a successful gambit. The adrenaline high of rolling risky and it paying off. The rush of winning, even against a dimwit like Farm Boy. He came abruptly to his senses as the ground began to shake. Screams of terror came from outside. Farm Boy’s face changed from a sad loser to a child looking scared for its mother. Strange how fear can make a man in his early twenties revert to being a toddler. But Bertrand had no time for such musings now. He stood up, scooped his miniatures into his bag. Gave a quick nod to Farm Boy and walked upstairs. Feeling unobserved, he opened a portal to his employer. A quick glance back showed that Farm Boy had followed him. Bertrand gave him a fake smile and stepped through. Closing the portal behind him.

  

  

  

  

  

**Second Version**

  

  

  

  

“Sometimes, a sacrifice is needed, in order to win a war.” The creature draped its unnaturally long arm over the board and moved its archery squad front and centre to his unit of cavalry. Looking over it was clear that it had some kind of motive behind this move. Internally Bertrand shook his head. Of course this thing would have something in mind, otherwise it wouldn’t do it. Damn manipulative- “Bertrand? Art thou inattentive?” The thing’s voice rang hollow in Bertrand’s head. Putting as little edge as possible into his response, he said: “Yes. I am just trying to see your motive with this move.” The hooded creatures head lifted a fraction. Bertrand still couldn’t see what lay beneath it, but considering how the thing moved, he suspected there was a good reason for it to cover its head. “Would thou believe me, if I were to confess a mistake?” “No.” The hood sunk down again. “As expected. Still it escapes my notice. Thine thoughts betrayeth thine sentiment. Reason escapes me, what for I deserve thine animosity. Haven’t I been benevolent? Haven’t I shown graciousness upon thine life?” Bertrand clenched his jaw. It was trying to distract him, nothing more. In a pressed voice he answered: “I move my cavalry in for a charge.” There was no reaction from the thing on the other end of the table. Bertrand picked up his dice and rolled for the attacks. He rolled unusually well and his cavalry trampled the archers without casualties. “Next I will build a tower there.” He indicated an extremely well placed intersection, overlooking two valleys. A tower there with proper support would be very costly to take down. “Bertrand. Thou seemed stricken with distraction. Now it is revealed. Thou hast a plan.” Bertrand finished his turn and motioned for the thing to continue. Not daring to look up. Even after countless fights he had yet to win. Back in court he had been hailed as the Master of the Board. Servants, foreign dignitaries and family members alike were unable to beat him. Now he had spent countless years in service of this entity, never winning once. He suspected foul play to be involved somewhere. The table suppressed magic as far as he could tell, so even if that thing had some kind of cantrip to tilt the scales towards itself, they would probably not work. Regardless of how it tipped the scales, the thing won. Always. “Dearest Bertrand. I ask of you to try and defeat me. Just once. You know what is at stake here.” Damn well he knew! Back then it had started of innocently enough. A game with a mysterious stranger. A simple bet. First it was simple riches. Bertrand had lost his first round in years then. Bertrand decided to move his heavy infantry up to support the cavalry. Looking awfully caught out of position, even though the entity had not punished him yet. “Interesting decision.” was all Bertrand got this time. Bertrand knew what was at stake this time. This would be the one time he would win. Had to. Bertrand’s front line troops had a clear view from their current positions to its castle. A few units were in the way, but to the sheer amount of troops Bertrand had, they were statistically unlikely to pose a threat. Bertrand was suspicious. Why would it leave its castle so lightly defended? He would never be fooled again by the prospects of an easy victory. He had lost the youthful arrogance over the years, among other, more precious things. Now he was ready to accept that there were people out there that could beat him. “I move up. Cavalry charges into the flank of your infantry engaged with mine.” He pointed roughly where he meant before pushing the pieces into position. It had started out innocently enough. A bit of money was put on the table. After an hour of multiple losses, his bruised ego required him to ask for a duel. The entity laughed. To him, back then, mockery of the highest order. The entity had told him then: “If thou were to win now, thou shalt receive all I won today, in addition, I shalt give myself in servitude.” Bertrand had snorted at the prospect of giving that one the worst possible assignments he could. Making him pay for the indignation suffered in front of the court. Arrogant as he was, he didn’t let it even finish. Instead he told it to start the session already. “Thou art some place else today. Astounding. Indeed I’d never have guessed, thou be this indifferent to today’s prize.” Prize. Bertrand could feel his pulse quicken in anger. He was nothing but. He would do unspeakable things to this creature if he could. Instead he pushed his troops further up. A slight hope rearing itself at seeing the way clear towards the siege. Maybe the thing didn’t have the resources to oppose him? It had lost its villages early on. Maybe he did have the advantage just this once? Maybe. Maybe he could save her. “Yes. Bertrand, thou are able to win today’s wager. As thou had been every time before.” Now it was definitely playing with him. Still a flicker of hope had stayed. Maybe once, the runes would not go off. The runes he had been forced to cast himself. “I put you under siege.” Bertrand’s voice was flat. Devoid of emotion. He couldn’t allow himself to lose focus now. Forcefully tearing himself away from thoughts of the past or near future. There were no troops to contest his siege. He just needed to wait for two turns. Hoping that his troops did not die, from somewhere. The entity had its turn. Attacked with weak forces. Lost most of them in the encounter. It seemed to work. Bertrand only needed this one turn. One last turn and he would win. The face of a child barged into his thoughts. He knew she must be much older now. Probably mid twenties instead of early teens. He would win. For her. Hoping that the runes would indeed turn off. Planted by himself under her pillow. As he had done with so many others. At least she would be spared. A cough caught him off guard. “Bertrand. Thou should look over there.” Blood froze in his veins. Had he overlooked something? Frantically his eyes scanned the board. Slowly making their way over to the indicated position. Cold shock caused him to almost physically recoil. There was a singular trebuchet. Poised and ready to lay waste to his own castle. How did he not notice it? Thoughts of foul play entered his mind immediately. With insurmountable apathy he watched as the thing rolled for the attack. Trebuchets need three turns to activate. How did he miss it sitting there for three turns? “Bertrand?” The thing’s voice rang hollow as always in his head. Maybe out of sheer hatred and spite, Bertrand thought he could her a tinge of cruel satisfaction in it as well. “It hit.” Bertrand’s vision began to swim. He lost all feeling in his body. He wasn’t there. He thankfully did not see anything. But he knew. Just with all the others before her, what the runes would do, now that he had lost. Bertrand slumped in his chair. Slowly sank to the floor. Tears started to well up as he curled into himself. He had lost once again. He had killed, once again. The cycle would start anew. Bertrand knew, but for now, he wept on the cold stone floor, of his open prison, next to his jailer.