
```table-of-contents
```

## Quick Facts

The Tulaqtalat is a common bird found in the jungles of [[Teholitlan]]. They sport a coat of bright blue feathers, yellow eyes and black claws. They can grow up to one foot in height and two feet in breadth when stretching their wings to their fullest extend. They feed on all kinds of insects, their strong beaks allowing them to easily break open most chitinous shells, allowing for a varied and broad selection of prey. 


## Average Life

The Tulaqtalat is brought into the world alive. A female Tulaqtalat bears between one and in rare cases up to three children per pregnancy season. A Tulaqtalat youngling needs to be fed by either parent near constantly to support the rapid growth. The typical youngling will be born at a weight of about 0.8 pounds and not reach above four inches in height. First their skin will start growing an early floof to deter potential insect predation. Then the youngling will start growing about an inch per day until it the growth slows down around the 10 inch mark and it begins replacing the early floof with the full feathery coat. After they have stopped growing they are considered to be a young adult. Now flying lessons will begin. As is common for the Teholitlan birds, these lessons are extremely short and effective. Usually the young adult will get once chance at learning to fly, through the process of getting thrown out of the nest by the parent they trust the most, commonly observed to be the father. Once they have mastered the art of flight they will head out to search for other young adults, thus making space for their parents to start the cycle anew after a period of rest, varying from couple to couple. The young adult will sooner or later find a group of other youngsters and band into a small community. There they will start experimenting with different hunting techniques in order to feed each other. Through these communal learning and feeding sessions young adults always find their soon-to-be life long partners. Once they leave the group to form their own nest they are considered adults. These adult couples usually keep in touch with their former community members until the end of their days, spending their resting times together, until the next batch of young needs to be raised. Once the adult female is old enough to leave reproductive age, both adults transition into the senior stage of life. This is when they reconnect to the surviving members of their old community and reform into a hunting and feeding party. Thus even if one member is to old and weak to hunt for themselves or their partner, they have a chance to live a little longer, through the companionship and communal life with their friends. 

## Funeral Rites

Tulaqtalat communities have been observed holding funerals if a member of the group dies. Regardless of if it is from old age or outside reasons, whenever a member of their community dies all currently living members will gather at their nest or corpse, trilling in low tunes. It is believed that they meet to recount their memories of the one who died. Paying respect and honouring their legacy in their own way. In many communities it has also been observed that if a member dies while younglings are still in the nest, the remaining parent and younglings will be housed and supported by another couple from the community. Thus proving that even a widowed member of the community will always be cared for, in times of crisis as well as grief. 